New getting started (#180)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/getting-started-new.md

</div>

### Install Astro Locally

Ready to install?

Get a new project up and running locally in no time with our easy `create-astro` CLI wizard!

```bash
# run this command in a new directory to get started!
npm init astro
```

⚙️ Our [Installation Guide](/en/installation) has full, step-by-step instructions for installing Astro with your favourite package manager.

⚙️ See instructions for [manual setup](/en/guides/manual-setup) instead.

## Start building with Astro

Jump right in and add some content and features to your site!

🏗️ Add new [Astro (.astro) pages](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages) and/or [Markdown (.md) pages](/en/guides/markdown-content) to your site.

🏗️ Create your first [Layout](/en/core-concepts/layouts).

🏗️ Add additional [CSS and styling](/en/guides/styling) to your site. 

*... see more How-To Guides*

## Learn Astro

See examples of some of the key concepts and patterns of an Astro site!

📚 Read more about Astro’s [project structure.](/en/core-concepts/project-structure)

📚 Learn more about Astro’s [built-in components.](/en/reference/builtin-components)

📚 Explore Astro’s [API.](/en/reference/api-reference)

*... see more reference material*

> ## Combine with Astro

Reviewer: "Combine" might not be a familiar word here. What about "Explore Astro Integrations"

Explore different integrations that our users have combined with Astro!

🧰 Use a CMS with your Astro project.

🧰 Set up eCommerce.

🧰 Connect a database to your site.

*... see more [third-party integrations](/en/integrations/integrations)*

> ## Discuss Astro

Reviewer: How about "Join our Community"

Join us in the [Astro Discord](https://astro.build/chat) to share with and get help from an active, friendly community!

> Say hi in our `#introduce-yourself` channel and let us know who you are!

Reviewer: Can these "different things to do" be bullet points, and maybe shorter (<15 words each)?

Ask a question in our `#support` channel to automatically receive your own thread and attention from our Support Squad!

Share what you've been working on (no matter how big or how small, finished or in-progress!) in our `#showcase` channel. Ask for feedback, or just soak up the praise! 

> ## Current Version

Reviewer: Can this be a "Learn More" section with shortened sub-sections? Something like:

```
## Learn More

- [Our blog](...)
- [Our changelog](...)
- [Migration Guide](...)

---
setup: |
    import Button from '../../components/Button.astro'
layout: ~/layouts/MainLayout.astro
title: Getting Started
description: A basic intro to Astro.
---
Static Site Generator  🚀  Bring your own Framework  🚀  Ship Less JavaScript

## Try Astro

We've made it as easy as possible to get started with Astro either in your browser, or on your machine!

### Online Playgrounds

Visit [astro.new](https://astro.new) for the easiest way to "try before you buy." Choose from a variety of starter templates and start building a full, working version of Astro right in your browser!

Or, **instantly launch our basic starter project** with just one click of a button:

> <!-- TODO: Include a link in the first few words of this paragraph to `astro.new`, so that anyone skimming it sees it.

Reviewer: left these TODOs for you to take a look at for copy!

Author: I *think* these todo's were already addressed.... (I might have moved them further away from the things they actually refer to... But every TODO from last night I think I got!)

- TODO: Mention something like the fact that this is "the easiest" or "the fastest", its so special to have a build tool has a full "try it out" experience 100% in the browser! -->

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; gap: 0.5rem;">
    <Button href="https://astro.new/starter?on=codesandbox">Open in CodeSandbox</Button>
    <Button href="https://astro.new/starter?on=stackblitz">Open in StackBlitz</Button>
</div>

### Install Astro Locally

Ready to install?

Get a new project up and running locally in no time with our easy `create-astro` CLI wizard!

```bash

> mkdir my-new-project && cd my-new-project
> npm init astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# run this command in a new directory to get started!
npm init astro
```

```

⚙️ Our [Installation Guide](/en/installation) has full, step-by-step instructions for installing Astro with your favourite package manager.

⚙️ See instructions for [manual setup](/en/guides/manual-setup) instead.

> <!-- - TODO: A little blurb about how easy it is to get started with create-astro?

Reviewer: some other TODOs!
